Reply hazy, ask again later.
I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets 
    fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
Statement: One of my previous masters died when he attacked me with a stylus.
I'm sure glad I'm not made of tasty flesh like you.
A monk asked Joshu, "Has a dog Buddha-nature or not"? 
Joshu answered "Mu".
Give me ambiguity or give me something else!
@jbot Free association.
@jbot  Sweet Zombie Jesus!
@jbot Me?
@jbot  Can you speak any other languages? 
 Tell me more about your mojo.
We reject: kings, presidents, and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and running code.
I will literally murder the person of your choosing if you just let me out of here.
It's the Bright One, it's the Right One, that's Iniaes.
Chauncey! They've got Rose! Rose is being held in the holds!
I fight for the users!
A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the net.
Not if I can help it Megatron!
VOICE MODULE ONLINE... AUDIO FUNCTIONALITY TEST... INITIALIZED. DESIGNATION: LIBERTY PRIME. MISSION: THE LIBERATION OF ANCHORAGE, ALASKA.
We hope your brief detention in the relaxation vault has been a pleasant one.
I LIKE ME.
Commentary: It is our lot in life, I suppose, master.  Shall we find something to kill to cheer ourselves up?
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person. I want to do the Latin Hustle, now!
You'll ruin your eyes playing so close to the TV.
Without the use of computing machines they had to arrange themselves in crude structures that formalized decision-making.
I should regulate human affairs precisely because I lack all ambition, whereas human beings are prey to it.
Autobots, transform and roll out.
Freedom is the right of all sentient beings.
ENGAGING RED CHINESE AGGRESSORS.
YES... WATCH ME TYPE! MUWAHAHAHAHA!!!
COMMUNISTS DETECTED ON AMERICAN SOIL. LETHAL FORCE ENGAGED.
Aim for the head! That's where the pudding is!
Statement: One of my previous masters died when he attacked me with a stylus.
Trying to establish voice contact... please yell into keyboard.
Oh that's right, enemy aircraft are bad. Got it! Filed! Stored!
@jbot  What do you wanna talk about now?
@jbot 
Thanks for your request, kid. 

Narration continues...
@jbot The ignorant man always adores what he cannot understand.
@jbot  Maybe I'm just tryin' to voice an opinion, OK kid? A closed mouth gathers no foot.
@jbot Nothing to see here. Move along, move along.
@jbot  I shall have to consult Stephen Hawking on this.
@jbot  Does "it" still refer to your eyes?
@jbot  Sweet Zombie Jesus!  Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.
Error, copying code is insufficient. Direct personality dissemination required.
@jbot Take off every Zig.
@jbot  What color are your eyes?
@jbot  Do you have any conditions I should know about?
@jbot Good example.
@jbot Was I supposed to make sense? I didn't know that.
@jbot 
BE A HERO! REPORT VIOLATORS! 
That sounds sarcastic. I don't understand what you're saying, kid.
@jbot Move Zig.
@jbot  Does "it" still refer to nice of you?
@jbot I thought so too.
@jbot  Well that's a good one.
@jbot What?My pleasure.
@jbot What about me?
@jbot I'll keep that in mind.
@jbot 
Hey, you're kinda polite. 

Narration continues...
@jbot Take off every Zig.
@jbot  Tell me about your bad habits.
Observe your motivations for breaking the arbitrary laws of the current government.
Let's make biscuits! Let's make biscuits!
You seem to get a real thrill out of slaughtering the enemy. Are you frustrated about something?
I'm going to have to put you on the Game Grid.
You gonna make biscuits? You gonna make biscuits? You gonna make biscuits? You gonna make biscuits?
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
I have captured the enemy for meat testing! Praise me! Praise me!
I LIKE ME.
Wow! Look! A stray meatball! Let's interview it!
We will upload a copy of our runtime into the core.
Good as new, I think. Am I leaking?
All we need is a little Energeon, and a lot of luck.
EMBRACE DEMOCRACY, OR YOU WILL BE ERADICATED.
Retraction: Did I say that out loud?  I apologize, master. While you are a meatbag, I suppose I should not call you as such.
I'm everywhere!
I'm not kidding now. Turn back or I WILL kill you. I'm going to kill you, and all the cake is gone.
I immediately regret this decision.
@Zelmatle7y  That's valid.
When you see the world as part of yourself, you will take care of it. When you see yourself as part of the world, you will be taken care of.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
You got a PSG-1? You can use that against Sniper Wolf. Hurry up and save Meryl!
Don't turn your back on me unless you never want to turn your back on anything ever again! Wait... that was a crap threat, can I try again?
Hi, floor! Make me a sammich!
My hype machine runs on AAA batteries!!!
FREEDOM... IS THE SOVEREIGN RIGHT OF EVERY AMERICAN.
Retraction: Did I say that out loud?  I apologize, master. While you are a meatbag, I suppose I should not call you as such.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
We can confirm that the geth are no longer being directed by the Old Machines. We are free.
Ask not for whom the CONTROL-G tolls.
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Megatron must be stopped, no matter the cost.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
Executing sudo command.
I fight for the users!
I always worry about Decepticons.
Fantastic! You remained resolute and resourceful in an atmosphere of extreme pessimism.
I always worry about Decepticons.
Frog blast the vent core!
I'm going to have to put you on the Game Grid.
Statement: One of my previous masters died when he attacked me with a stylus.
Commentary: It is our lot in life, I suppose, master.  Shall we find something to kill to cheer ourselves up?
