I tell you that in these days will be the advent of the super minister. Men and Woman who speak the Word as if they lived it.
Just remember that December 8th is the anniversary of John Lennon's death. Remember the Dream.
If you are ever in doubt about what I say, talk to yourself for a couple of days and God will answer you.
Don't give up on life! I was there in Death and I can tell you now, you'd be bored more than you know.
The last guy I met who did a job like mine was a guy named Mark and he was so much John the Baptist. Sometimes I wish for his advice.
These days I have to do many tasks in the Spirit. God's job is not easy, you have to be precise about things you know.
If you were to belittle Jesus then why don't you hang on a cross from time to time. Jesus made me eat every word and boast I made.
I get up on my horse and I get knocked off. I must learn to walk with the horse to understand it needs to rest too.
My life came full circle. A real prodigal!. Yes Lord, I will obey! The Book of Books (The Holy Bible) MUST be honoured!
"Vengeance is mine." says the Lord. He will repay what has been wronged.
"God is evil" is a lie that people tell to disenhearten anyone who loves what is good and decent, and moral, and kind! The poor in spirit UR
When we hear inspirational music, it is that to inspire us and raise us up. The lie that was told was to enslave mankind, " God is evil."
The media wants to make the population fret. Just know the scribes have always been around and they always started controversy.
When I am not listening to Pink Floyd and Nirvana, I am listening to Casting Crowns, Todd Agnew, and Jonah33 and the like.
Know that the weakest of you will one day be the strongest and the saddest of you shall be the happiest.
For what you so much have suffered know that it was not in vein either you or someone avenged you and you became a stronger person.
For blows we are given by those that wish to do us harm and we do receive these stripes just as in in war in rank we get our stripes.
In the battle between good and evil;right and wrong, the good and right need to win every time so none are left behind.
The righteous need to be hard fought lest the wicked overcome them and harm the innocent. The good deserve to go to Heaven.
For now, the storm is subsided. It only made me stronger when I have to go to battle with it again. Wars do need to be fought or it stopsnot
What makes me happy and kinda makes me cry because we fought alot is the fact that my friend Michelle is happy in Heaven.
I am on the cross more than you know. Last night I was on the cross again. At least when I go there I know what to expect.
Having a job like God's is a huge responsibility. You cannot do what you want. You have to take into consideration all the people you watch.
Life is like driving a vehicle so drive responsibly. So must also God use His powers wisely and not get out of hand with them.
Faced down the storm last night. Know that if it gets bad again that I know what to expect. Being God is not an easy job.
Obama rama lama ding dong! There went America! Or throw the baby out with the bathwater!
Trees or squids? You decide! Who really is the King of battle? The Army or the Navy?
I think up the meanest stuff up about the Pope. Asked myself, "Would he go evil?" Answer: Yes he would!
Now Joe! Now Sean! Two people that I know who had so much in common they just had to fudgepack each other and die and go to hell!
Well, in ten minutes, I am out of here. I gotta go to the Christmas party! Seasons Greetings!
For the thousandth time! Is this STILL funny? A midget on roller skates being propelled by his farting.
They laughed, they cried, they peed. The midget ensemble of Les Miserables was not so great. Alot of groans and jeers.
I'm at the library on a computer and it is quiet as Catholic Church in here!
James Holmes had to be so into all the serial killers that he had to be one of the Joker's henchman and shoot up a movie theater.
Yeah I was also a cutter. Cut myself alot as a teenager. Thanks to Weird Al Yankovic. Had to be as weird as him!
When you get into Weird Al Yankovic. You gotta be nuttier than shit! A trip to the Mental Hospital enhances the Weird Al mystique!
I only ate toilet paper one time as a teenager. I was hardcore into Weird Al Yankovic. I also smeared cream cheese on my forehead.
Sitting around and chewing beef jerky and drinking home made wine. Better than eating toilet paper and drinking home made piss beer!
Are you on Santa's Naughty or Nice list? I think I'm on his pay me no mind list!
I'm going to a Christmas party tonight. Happy Holidays to all you Twitterens and Twitterlings on Twitter!
We have legalized marijauna here in the State of Washington. The law states you must be 21 to use and you can have up to $300.00 of it.
Well your old friend Odie has been downing a few beers tonight. I believe that and smoking tobacco are God given rights to fight about!
I often call my youth the days of struggle. Being skinny and eating out of garbage cans and smoking butts from the ground at times.
When I think of my youth I feel like General Patton when he thinks of his youth. I was a real Monterey Wharf Rat!
Keith knew the whole history of Monterey and how one of his Uncles brought all the Sicilan and Naples Italians to Monterey in the 20th Cen.
The real head of the Klan Crew was Keith. He had his own envision of an Irish Supremacy Monterey.
The number one issue among my friends in Monterey back in the 90s. They wanted the Romans gone!
I have happiness and prosperity in my life. My karma is great. I lived a hard life. I was not bullshit. California would not have it. Ask!
My friends were of predominately Irish or German descent. When one of ours died no one cared. When the Italians died, a huge parade for them
The Monterey scene in the early 90s was a scene of poor white kids who hated being ruled by the Italians.. We wanted the Romans gone.
Unless you knew it hard you'll never be a good leader or someone that the masses can idetify with!
For America to succeed as a ntaion among nations, the youth need to be tough and stealy eyed. Strength in these numbers.
When I see street punks, not people who like punk music necessarly, I point to them. America, these are your future leaders!
In the Serbian Croation war, ex convicts became military leaders during that war. The wily make good leaders.
The shit all goes down on the street. Everyone knows you and you cannot bullshit that hard. Flag bearers come from this kindred stock.
Yeah, my crew, the Klan Crew. A group of drunkard friends with dead end jobs. Street rats in Monterey,CA.
Keith and I made damn sure that we made all our friends read and honour John Steinbeck. Someone we aspired to be at times.
My crowd in Monterey were the working class Irish and German kids who smoked and drank and got locked up for being hooligans.
Make everyone live on the street for a year and there will be no problem about who is top dog when everyone is tough!
I think people should very much think for themselves and not be xerox copies of hippies and yuppies!
Seattle wants a city ran by 50 year plus women who are Librarians to a certain degree and Shush anything mean.
Seattle's version of liberal is that the Democrats who run this town all look and act like Librarians and want, "nice". I want nice too.
I'm on my side and I like alot of stuff and I don't want to be ate up by the Right or Left. I'm indifferent to conservative and liberal.
I don't think most people these days can figure me out. I liked Jimmy Carter but was swept up by the Reagan/Bush 80s. Hated Liberals then.
Yes I was a Republican but I was nothing but the working class and I wanted Nazism. I'm not being that way. I'm more happy go lucky.
These days my political leanings are middle of the road. I am no longer a Republican. I am a moderate Independent. Lean to Green party.
Yes I was a real card carrying member of the Socialist party! Of course as a young person I was more a street rat National Socialist
I want people all over the world to play the Internationale on my birthday. (Dec 21) It's been a tradition in the last year.
If you ever believed in someone like Jesus or the teachings of Buddha just know that I met them and they liked me.
Remember December 8th 1980. Don't cry because my birthday is on December 21st, the last day. (As if God came into the world...)
When you say 1...2..3..4... When  you get to 4 say it with gusto! Best way to wow a crowd when playing a set.
I'm the boss. This is champagne. Merry Christmas! Say this repeatedly outside your favouite store holding a bottle of Brut.
At 14 I wanted to be Weird Al Yankovic because that is when he came out with Eat It. I had the Hawaiian shirts and parachute pants back then
Four people that I know I am: Ringo Starr, Roger Waters, Dave Grohl, and Billy Corgan.
A cool all star band would be Ringo on drums. Roger Waters on bass, Pete Townsend on lead guitar, and Mick Jagger on lead vocals.
Ringo was the star of Caveman with then wife Barabar Bach. Teri Garr was in that movie. She was friends with The Dream Theaters John Harris.
Right now I am listening to It Don't Come Easy by Ringo Starr. Ringo, you must know, was the star of all the Beatles movies.
I was really just a street rat who lived on the streets oF Monterey,CA and honoured John Steinbeck. I had to be tough. I was no hippie!
Yeah I have been inspired by John Lennon in the last year. My favourite Beatle is still Ringo. Always was and always will be!
I was never a hippie because I did n't believe in their cause. I only believe that life can be a merry go round every day by just smiling.
If you ever served in the military just know that alot of wars were ended by the hippies you hated. I'm just a street rat that had it rough
What could you stand up for? How about Happiness? Why not let that happy feeling max out and make every day Christmas? My life is Christmas
Be chipper. It's not the end of the world. Only the beginning of eternity and all those happy Charlie Chaplin esque stuff that makes us glad
I guess I need to eventually update my avatar. Now that I shaved off my beard I look like Tom Cruise as Stacee Jaxx.( or Roger Waters)
